doc(self-managed): add infrastructure diagrams for EKS (#4714)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/setup/deploy/amazon/amazon-eks/dual-region.md

unset AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY_ES
```

:::caution Bucket vulnerable to region outages

> The Elasticsearch backup [bucket is tied to a specific region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingBucket.html). If this region becomes unavailable, you will need to create a new bucket in a different region and reconfigure your Elasticsearch cluster with the new bucket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Elasticsearch backup [bucket is tied to a specific region](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/UsingBucket.html). If that region becomes unavailable and you want to restore to a different region or S3 services remain disrupted, you must create a new bucket in another region and reconfigure your Elasticsearch cluster to use the new bucket.
```

Reviewer: Just want to clarify it a bit since if you restore to the same region, you would be fine.
